Prep for 0.7.0 release (#27)
paritytech/scale-value: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## 0.7.0

> The main change in this release is that it makes use of a new `scale-encode` crate and updated `scale-decode` crate for the SCALE encoding and decoding of `Value`s.

Reviewer: Value's looks a bit funny with syntax highlighting for `Value`s, isn't `Value's` better? :)

```suggestion
The main change in this release is that it makes use of a new `scale-encode` crate and updated `scale-decode` crate for the SCALE encoding and decoding of `Value's`
```

Author: Yeah maybe it was pedantic of me; `Value` is a type from the code but the "s" isn't, and "'s" isn't really correct grammar. Maybe I should have just said `Values`, but yeah!

Author: I just removed the highlighting instead!
